 https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1491055
 
 ## Diagnosis
 There appears to be a legacy function, `JS_New`, whose use is mostly eradicated except in a few specific areas. As there exists a better function which fulfills a similar function but is more widely used, `JS::Construct`, it would be better to replace the former with the latter. 
 
 JS::Construct is more efficient because it appears that JS_New invovles a redundancy involving a HandleObject vs a HandleValue. Thus, in fixing this bug, I would be helping the efficiency of the program and assisiting in developing better code by getting rid of unnecessary code.
 
 ## Solution
 The focus first is on finding the places where JS_New appears and deciding where to tackle the bug first. From what I saw, the most obvious place to begin appeared to be the only instance of the JS_New call within the actual program itself (rather than in test code or as a declaration), since this would be the most crucial area to fix.
 
 Then, iterating over every use of JS_New, the context of the calling of the funciton must be accessed in order to find the parameters to JS::Construct that is the most appropriate in comparsion to the parameters used to call JS_New. Here, I noticed that one key difference is the return value; JS_New returned a new object that was initialized through the parameters, whereas JS::Construct took a `MutableHandleObject` which was where it stored the new object and instead returned a bool. Thus, the return value variable for JS_New would become the MutableHandleObject parameter for the JS::Construct function. 
 
 Other than this change, the other major change was that the JS::Construct expected a HandleValue instead of a HandleObject, and so the appropriate replacement has to be found within the code.
 
 The next step is to delete all declarations and definitions of JS_New as it will no longer be used in any of the code.
 
 Finally, there exists a test file that was previously for JS_New and will now be used to test JS::Construct. Following the same methodology that was used to replace JS_New with JS::Construct in the program itself, all mentions of JS_New in the test file must also be replaced.
 
 ## Testing
 
 After any singular file has been has been changed, before further changes are implemented, it is imperative that I build and run gecko-dev on my virtual machine to ensure that I am iteratively checking my work. Not only will this make any debugging that may be necessary simpler, it will also ensure that I am forced to think deeply about my changes as the build process can be length and tedious.
 
 Furthermore, once the test file itself has been adapted, it is clear that its tests must pass for the code to be considered successful.
 
 Lastly, seeing as the nature of the bug means eliminating all mentions to a particular function, a `git grep "JS_New("` would be the perfect way to ensure that there is no longer a mention of this function, and would provide a before and after comparsion to ensure that I have completed my task.
 
 **Before fix:**
 
 
 **After fix:**
 
 
